README.md, before:

# Pumpkin Custard Pie!

# Crust

## Ingredients (One Crust)

* 4 oz Lard
* 5 oz Organic Sugar (high natural molasses content)
* 1 egg
* 1 tsp vanilla
* 8 oz bread flour
* 1 tsp baking powder

## Step-by-step

1. Mix sugar and lard, egg, and vanilla until light and fluffy.
2. Slowly mix in the flour and baking powder
3. Roll out the dough on parchment paper until 1/4 inch thickness.
4. Insert crust into pie pan and trim/crimp edges.
5. Blind bake at 350 F for 10 minutes (no pie weights should be needed).
6. Allow at least 10 minutes to cool before filling.

# Filling

## Ingredients

* 13 oz (1.5 cups) of heavy cream
* 1/2 teaspoon salt
* 8 oz of mashed pumpkin (approx 1/2 of a can)
* 2 eggs
* 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
* 3/4 cup of sugar
* 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
* 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger

## Step-by-step

1. Preheat oven to 350 F
2. Mix eggs, yolks, vanilla extract, pumpkin mash, spices, and sugar, then set aside.
3. Add the salt to the heavy cream and scald.
4. While mixing the egg mixture, slowly pour the scalded milk into the egg mixture. Do not allow the milk to cook the eggs.
5. Whisk the combined mixture well.
6. Pour mixture into pie crust -- use a measuring cup to pour the remaining mixture in after placing into the oven to reduce spillage.
7. Bake for until center is 190F (about 45 minutes).
8. Let sit at room temperature to cool for 2 hours.

# Topping

## Ingredients

* 1 cup heavy cream
* 1 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder
* 2 tbsp sugar
* 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract

## Step-by-step

1. Whip it. Whip it good. Keep whipping until you heave stiff peaks.
2. See step 1.

Commit message:

Use tin foil to prevent the crust from being overcooked.

README.md, after:

# Pumpkin Custard Pie!

# Crust

## Ingredients (One Crust)

* 4 oz Lard
* 5 oz Organic Sugar (high natural molasses content)
* 1 egg
* 1 tsp vanilla
* 8 oz bread flour
* 1 tsp baking powder

## Step-by-step

1. Mix sugar and lard, egg, and vanilla until light and fluffy.
2. Slowly mix in the flour and baking powder
3. Roll out the dough on parchment paper until 1/4 inch thickness.
4. Insert crust into pie pan and trim/crimp edges.
5. Cover crust edges tightly with tin foil.
5. Blind bake at 350 F for 10 minutes (no pie weights should be needed).
6. Allow at least 10 minutes to cool before filling.

# Filling

## Ingredients

* 13 oz (1.5 cups) of heavy cream
* 1/2 teaspoon salt
* 8 oz of mashed pumpkin (approx 1/2 of a can)
* 2 eggs
* 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
* 3/4 cup of sugar
* 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
* 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger

## Step-by-step

1. Preheat oven to 450 F
2. Mix eggs, yolks, vanilla extract, pumpkin mash, spices, and sugar, then set aside.
3. Add the salt to the heavy cream and scald.
4. While mixing the egg mixture, slowly pour the scalded milk into the egg mixture. Do not allow the milk to cook the eggs.
5. Whisk the combined mixture well.
6. Pour mixture into pie crust -- use a measuring cup to pour the remaining mixture in after placing into the oven to reduce spillage.
7. Make sure the edges are still covered with tin foil.
8. Bake for 15 minutes and reduce temperature to 350 F.
9. Bake for until center is 190F (about 45 minutes).
10. Let sit at room temperature to cool for 2 hours.

# Topping

## Ingredients

* 1 cup heavy cream
* 1 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder
* 2 tbsp sugar
* 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract

## Step-by-step

1. Whip it. Whip it good. Keep whipping until you heave stiff peaks.
2. See step 1.
